fix: Support default conditions and avoid SES double bundle (#1125)
endojs/endo: packages/ses/package.json.md

Node.js and other tools will use this file when importing `ses` as an ESM.
(JavaScript module).
We have in the past experimented with using the precompiled bundle of SES here

> (`./dist/ses.cjs`), but found that this interacted poorly with Endo,

Reviewer: We were using the UMD version, not the CommonJS version.

```suggestion
(`./dist/ses.umd.js`), but found that this interacted poorly with Endo,
```

Author: Addressed with “(`./dist/ses.cjs` or `./dist/ses.umd.js`)” since these files are identical)
